digital forensic science - doing science : information security
malware analysis : how to do science

how to do scientific method
apply this method to this poject : it will be better

digital forensic science
: hallym -> research, un odc, gov coperation

we have to know how computer works

some type of digital investigation
digital investigation ? what do police do ?
what is criminal -> someone who violate law
police are looking for a key, evidence of violation the law

looking to make sure innoscent
-> most countries focus on prooving someone is guilty

why we think someone is innocent first? not guilty
-> find evidence someone is guilty -> then asume guilty

how many people are have been to hacking comptition
how difficult is it, hack the computer and do bad things ?
  it's very easy sososososososo easy
-> hacker took over the computer
: pretend to be them crime
computer crime, imagine example illegal picture in your computer
-> somebody else download to computer
how to proove ?

with computer is too easy to fake, forge to evidence
police is very carefull to digital crime

if i know your main enemy -> what i am going to do
-> every country investigate north korea
-> blame on north korea : it's very dangerous
we have to get evidence first

when we find north korea ip, but it can be real usa hack
ex) froxy server
really careful for everything to talking about
we have to looking about truth

investigation is finding the truth
looking for evidence -> already happen, and not happen yet

illegal already happen, or not happened
how science come to the write answer
-> process of investigation : Scientific method
-> anything to do with computer - scientific method ?
    specific process what cause the problem
    find out the suspect, bad guy or innocent

  first step : recognizing the process
    ask a question : download illegal picture ? malware ?
    then apply the method to find answer
    good question ? what question ? what's for
      why do we have so many assignment ?
  second : Background research
    to know better what the problem is
    it takes so much time, but it also saves so many time
    where is knowledge located -> background research
    backgound research -> read the research
      -> knowledge up to expert level
      -> power up
    if no background research -> can't make new things
    then contribution goest to high
    "extremely import"
  third : educated guess (hypothesis)
    what is the truth : guessing many things
      -> as many as we can
    trying to proove true or false
  fourth : prepare
    how can i test something ?
    figuring out acutally i have to look to proove the hypothesis
    background research and prepare
  fifth : experiment
    than test it typing, checking, order look
  sixth : analysis
    proove the hypothesis is right or wrong
    what is diff between data and info
      multiple experiment, and found the key,
      data output -> info
      parse the data into a form and the find the relation
      what info - what can evidence do
      check for guess

    proove ? you can't usre 100% sure
      -> proove is not good word

    evidence support the claim
    police -> find evidence and support or deny the claim

  last : documentation
    this is the weakest point in korea
    make the report

    if not; no one believe me
    investigation report -> boss, and judge
      how much technical knowledge the judges have
    have to communicate with others -> boss, client, judge...

evidence support or deny the claim
digital evidence - information found in the computer

computer (physical drive) <- data
how was the data stored : magnetic ,

old hdd : magnetic store system
  human can't understand magnetic data
  but it represent binary data

ssd (solid state driver) : flash memory
  charging the electric

hdd, ssd also give no data (we can't understand)
-> translation process
-> it can be evidence (we can understand data)

magnetic, electric charge -> invert -> data
bunch of 0 and 1, and patterns
-> data structure : make sense what this means
  time stamp, location, ...
know the rules for translation

rules for converting data -> information created
same conscept

finding the data structrue and data will looking at
-> parse out the information
this information tell us something relative to the hypothesis

only timestamp ? no evidence
timestamp + contents -> evidence

limitations of the computers
: not good at data translate into real-world
(not good at relative timestamp and data)


IoT ? songdo smart city
- very interesting, all of machine is control by algrotihm
-> it can be hacked, the city

how can we actually investigate that
  giving info out of computer is very fast
  -> copy the info in alot of computer
  recover -> analysis
    -> automation tool is required

how can be automated investigation system

quantum computing and df ?
Mutual legal assistant writer tool
evidence exchange protocols
